.TH ROTD 1 ROTD
.SH "NAME"
rotd - Report of the day
.SH "SYNPOSIS"
.B rotd
.RB [ -c
.IR config-script ]
.I output-file
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.B rotd
generates a daily PDF with information of your choosing
layed out using LaTeX. It may contain, for example, birthday
reminders, upcoming events, today's schedule, and whether
reports.
.P
The idea, is to have cron run its every morning, before you
wake up, and either print out the PDF, e-mail it do you, or
store it on your home or desktop directory, or anything else
you can imagine.
.SH "OPTIONS"
.TP
\fB\-c\fP \fIFILE\fP
The filename of the configuration script. This is a
script written in Python 3.
.SH "FILES"
.TP
.B $XDG_CONFIG_HOME/rotd/rotdrc
Default configuration script, this file is used if
.B -c
is not used.
.TP
.B $HOME/.config/rotd/rotdrc
First fallback for $XDG_CONFIG_HOME/rotd/rotdrc.
.TP
.B $HOME/.rotdrc
Second fallback for $XDG_CONFIG_HOME/rotd/rotdrc.
.TP
.B ~/.config/rotd/rotdrc
Third fallback for $XDG_CONFIG_HOME/rotd/rotdrc.
.TP
.B ~/.rotdrc
Fourth fallback for $XDG_CONFIG_HOME/rotd/rotdrc.
.TP
.B /etc/rotdrc
Fifth fallback for $XDG_CONFIG_HOME/rotd/rotdrc.
.TP
.B ~/.config/geolocation
Used by the
.B solar
module to get your location if it is not specified. This file
contains your geographical location using the Global Positioning
System in decimal format. This will never change. Other programs
are encouraged to use this file too.

If the file contains more than one line, only the first line,
even if it is empty, is used.
.TP
.B /etc/geolocation
Fallback file use if ~/.config/geolocation is missing. Other
programs are encouraged to use this file too.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
LaTeX
